hi my name is Camille Bauer and I'm here
at my knitting store in West Jordan Utah
and today I'm going to show you how to
knit kids scarves to start off with the
most success if your knit if a kid is
actually going to knit the scarf I like
to be on a wooden needle and it makes
your scarf and working your stitches not
slippery so starting with a large needle
is great because it also gets the
project done fast and so here I'm on a
17 needle and to knit a kids scarf I
like to make it more narrow and thus
giving the kid a scarf that fits them
and it's not as chunky and wide as an
adult scarf so here I've cast it on
seven stitches and you're going to just
loaded needles in your loaded loops in
your left hand you're going to go and
knit each stitch going up from the
bottom grabbing the yarn pulling it
through flipping the stitch off that
you've knitted and you're going to
repeat that until you've knitted all of
the stitches that you've desired the
width of your kids scarf to be and again
if this if a kid is actually knitting
the scarf my daughter started knitting
when she was four but the secret and the
tip to success is on chunky yarn and
chunky needles so you want to make sure
if a child is doing it to not have wood
needle to not have metal needles have
wood needles because if you're doing the
metal it's really easy to have them slip
out of their hands
so what we're going to do is again
looking at our seven stitches that we've
casted on and since this is how to knit
a kid's scarf you're just going to knit
every stitch how easy is that and if a
kid is starting it you can
start them out like if it's a little
girl you can start them out knitting an
American Girl doll scarf or a Barbie
scarf or you know making it a lot more
narrow and even two or three stitches so
you just repeat casting on loaded
needles loaded needle in your left hand
right needles empty you go and knit the
knit stitch on every single stitch the
whole way down and again this is how to
knit a kids scarf thanks for watching
and happy knitting